Added a link to phishbeat (#21062)
elastic/beats: libbeat/docs/communitybeats.asciidoc

https://github.com/joehillen/packagebeat[packagebeat]:: Collects information about system packages from package
managers.

> https://github.com/WuerthIT/perfstatbeat[perfstatbeat]:: Collect performance metrics on the AIX operating system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
https://github.com/WuerthIT/perfstatbeat[perfstatbeat]:: Collects performance metrics on the AIX operating system.
```

> https://github.com/stric-co/phishbeat[phishbeat]:: Lightweight beat for generating and monitoring for Phishing/Defamatory Domains.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
https://github.com/stric-co/phishbeat[phishbeat]:: Monitors Certificate Transparency logs for phishing and defamatory domains.
```

Reviewer: For consistency, let's follow the convention of starting each description with a verb. 

IMO it's worth mentioning Certificate Transparency logs in this description. WDYT?
